# Finish The Story
This project will finish a story started by you! 
It trains a LSTM network with children short stories as the data. To try it, write start your story in seed.txt. your story needs to be more than 100 characters. Here is some input and output generated by the program:

__Seed__ : perhaps it was a dream, she thought. perhaps if she pinched herself, she would wake up. but she didnt want to wake up. she wanted to stay in this dream world where

__Output__: perhaps it was a dream, she thought. perhaps if she pinched herself, she would wake up. but she didnt want to wake up. she wanted to stay in this dream world where he wasched to mnce; ald her hands they were very little, ald how dagr but the pathway, whll it be quttiig to the pinker sfat t hate, and wat very hittle, and saie to the toosti. 
"you are a nautyce pight for it;"

"but it is so good of them to come," the child answered. "but he is very thred."

"it is a beautiful world," the boy said, as he went along the shore there was afraid. the bad girl winl hold toon at they lonked at his piches, and she will started and listened.

__Seed__: at the edge of a forest, where a cliff overlooks an ocean, a couple tall trees were talking in the dark late one night.

one said, "may i ask you something?"

"certainly," said the other.

__Output__: at the edge of a forest, where a cliff overlooks an ocean, a couple tall trees were talking in the dark late one night.

one said, "may i ask you something?"

"certainly," said the other.

"and i shall never play wou;" he said.

"you wait any boyr a sand fat and a long way," the little one said, as the knttles and the little girl came out every morning in his pockets, the boy was suriing broke back or
the pink. there was a dream then he saw the toow, and then the was long at the pond. overhers was all manners of them then to sleep and the carr of the tookng flowers, and put it under his hiad than anything
wound her tat the soade, and the porries awoke and wonders of the
children 

